the images speak for themselves
this building is below these rubble a tunnel have not withstood the
earthquake
on the site
the firefighters of the international emergency just arrived
begin their reconnaissance missions and evaluate the risks the
metal structure with the scorer takes advantage and mark
do three quarters were completely
before they had to be registered here at the office this match
a real pc of crisis of the un
the obligatory passage to avoid the disorganization of the rescue
this is where the international teams of the people are dispatched
bus more teams they just arrived on site
the fact is simply to get to know this sector
concerning sector 1 of the international team working on site
this sector has not been recognized yet we need to make a point
pretty fast on the situation
back to the devastated site
during their reconnaissance missions
his French soldiers have already experienced the three surface victims
the three builders
unfortunately in this fight
the second team rides the base camp this particular device will allow
to make the link between the devastated site and the current office
strengths of each team not
at acea based pop organized the same passion as the big contested
part of the outcome of a party of course too bad too for the
people can sleep composed of france did we learn the musical part
in the team that amounted to 6 6 me
firemen left in haiti to participate in relief operations
it's workouts like this one that allows you to be
operational quickly on the ground
out of 8 6%
we ask the illegals
nothing at this time and place
we did a good job we were well prepared percent
do you think that your job them to prove it
office meeting sochi
the leaders of all the international teams take stock with the
local authorities and relief officials
so the area has reacted
know about the next step is that from the point of view within the framework of
meetings like this
on the scene of disaster there are every day
they make it possible to coordinate the actions of defining the sites
of intervention the dangers and places of supply we are not believed
still in oil still at the front of the rock-jagu castle opened in
September beast of people we have not located we are still
these simulations the firefighters of the international emergency make it a
once a month the missile on the new training site in ballan-miré
lent by justice in the Loire
the drives all the more necessary to get the approval a
star academy 4 we are in the coming years only teams
the German government government that have the approval the
better for our future abroad
on the 80% is also a jersey surfing the disaster
assessment for the firefighters of the international emergency in November
next
they will receive at Limoges a UN delegation which will come
judge